{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh16880\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Next steps for Asian attrition paper\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [ ] Journal of Policy Analysis and Management\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
[ ] Economica, London School of Economics and Political Science\
\
[ ] Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization, Elsevier\
\
[ ] Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences\
	Journal of Policy Analysis and Management, John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.\
\
[ ] Population and Development Review, The Population Council, Inc.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [ ] Demography, Springer;Population Association of America (PAA)\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Next steps: Asian Identity paper\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Address comments\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Where next?\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/labour-economics"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Labour Economics}}
\f1\fs26 : 52 or repec and accepts referee reports\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/journal-of-demographic-economics"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Journal of Demographic Economics}}
\f1\fs26 : 159 DONE\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/behavioural-public-policy"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Behavioural Public Policy}}
\f1\fs26 : 188\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pnas.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 Proceedings}}
\f1\fs26  of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America: 193\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ilr.cornell.edu/ilr-review"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs26 \ul ILR Review: 201\
}}\ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/15206688"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26 Journal of Policy Analysis and Management}}
\f0\b\fs26 : 217\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Population and Development Review, The Population Council, Inc. (repec 243, SJR 1.522)\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thanks for doing that!\
\'a0\
Ok, so in looking at those, I think you want to aim for a \'93higher\'94 journal on this list first, then move down. I am thinking about this in terms of trying to get an R&R before the next job market.\
\'a0\
The journals in this \'93higher\'94 rank on this list would be Scandinavian, Economica, AJPS, Oxford, JPAM, and JEBO. I would drop AJPS since that will be very hard to get into. Scandinavian is tricky since I don\'92t know if they have any particular focus, and I worry that they have a European bias. For that reason I wouldn\'92t go with them unless there is an editor or associate editor there that likes your work, or they publish work like this often.\
\'a0\
So, left is Oxford, JPAM, Economica, and JEBO. It is hard to pick amongst the others. I know that JEBO and JPAM publish work across all fields. For Economica and Oxford, you would want to check to see if they have a particular focus (e.g., the RAND journal, for example, is mostly an IO journal, oddly enough). After doing some research on those, I would check with others to get their opinions since they might have thoughts. I am leaning towards JPAM since it has such a high SJR score and is \'93top\'94 in public admin/policy. I also think that since it is more interdisciplinary, you might get better treatment there. I worry about economists who are overly critical of your methodology and just have a knee-jerk reaction to reject.\
\'a0\
If things don\'92t go well where you submit, then we could consider the lower-ranked journals \'96 PDR seems like a good one given fit, unless they really focus on \'93development\'94, then that\'92s a no. Or, you could try another one of the above again. In some cases it is worse to have an R&R at a low-ranked journal than to not having anything, since sometimes you can argue that the paper would publish high (think e.g., all the job market candidates from top 40 schools who have no pubs but their advisors argue that their JMP is top 10\'85).\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Economica, London School of Economics and Political Science (repec 87, SJR 1.453)\'a0\
{\listtext	2.	}Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization, Elsevier (repec 108, SJR 1.437)\'a0\
{\listtext	3.	}Journal of Policy Analysis and Management, John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. (repec 211, SJR 2.398)\'a0\
{\listtext	4.	}Population and Development Review, The Population Council, Inc. (repec 243, SJR 1.522) \
}