{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19000\viewh19980\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 R1\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 [X] Beginning with the paper's theoretical account of racial bias and its potential impact on racial identity, I appreciate the author's use of formal theory to\
present a logical and rational model explaining why bias may affect racial identity. However, I feel the author misses an important literature on racial\
identity and assimilation that focuses on the behavioral aspects of race and racial identity. While they do briefly touch on some of this literature, I\
suggest that revisions have a greater focus on the behavioral literature on racial identity and assimilation in addition to the formal model. A good work\
that I could suggest on this topic is Telles and Ortiz's Generations of Exclusion.\
\
[X] As for the methods, I have a few concerns that I hope the author can address in future drafts. One concern that looms over the paper for me is that\
the 'objective' measure of Asian background may not be as objective as it seems. For instance, it is unclear that, say, the children or grandchildren of\
people who were born to non-asian parents in Asia, for example, on an American military base, would be classified as Asian. I don't think this is a\
huge concern for the analysis, but it needs to at least be addressed.\
\
[X] Second, I am concerned that using the state as the unit of analysis for regional bias may be problematic. Perhaps the bias of the community that one\
grows up in would be better measured at the city or zip-code level. For instance, those who live in Austin, Texas may have a very different experience\
with bias than those who live in rural west Texas. If the authors could provide even a supplemental analysis in which they analyze this at local level,\
this would help significantly to alleviate these concerns.\
\
[X] I SHOULD ADD THE COUNTY AND MSA LEVEL IAT REGRESSIONS SO HE DOES NOT REJECT THE PAPER\
\
NOTE: The data already have adults, so I could easily add this to the summary statistics\
[X] Additionally, while I understand why children are of particular interest, I would also like to see what the results look like for Asian adults. Is this\
phenomenon of calculating one's identity concentrated among children? Do they come to identify more with their Asian roots as they reach\
adolescence and adulthood? Are the same calculations being made by adults? These are important questions that including the sample of adults could be useful to help answer.\
\
[X] Lastly and importantly, it is also unclear to me why the author uses measures of animus towards African Americans from the ANES in their bias index,\
especially when measures of animus towards Asian Americans are available on the very same study. Here I think the author either needs to make a\
case for the bias they are interested in being more broad than just bias toward Asian-Americans or they need to reestimate their measures of bias.\
\
[X] While I do think significant work needs to be done to strengthen both the theory and methods of this paper, I think it is an important piece that has\
strong theoretical foundations, a defensible empirical test of its theory and impactful findings. I hope the author is able to address these concerns and\
publish this paper in the Journal of Policy Analysis and Management\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 R2\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Okay, game plan here begins by add a from the data section. Discuss the ethnic attrition of children and adults. Then create figures showing what \
Asians report.  Then create new plots with interactions between bias, sex, education,\'85.\
\
[X] The paper reports that roughly 96% of individuals who were born in Asia or who have two Asian parents report being Asian. Before analyzing this\
group, it would be essential to understand the 4% who do not. Do they report being of a single racial group not elsewhere classified (e.g., Indian or\
Chinese), in which case we might reasonably either exclude them since we do not know what they reported or assume that they chose a subcategory\
of Asian? Is there any way to determine what proportion might be expats born in Asia (primarily in Hong Kong or Singapore)?\
\
	[X] Create tables and figures on what Asian\'92s report\
\
[X] Leaving aside these issues, it is problematic to use a linear probability model when the probability is near 0 or 1. Given the range of bias shown in\
some of the figures, a coefficient of -.05 suggests that the predicted probability of reporting to be Asian is likely to exceed 1 for a nontrivial number of\
observations. At the very least, the author should show that the results are robust to using probit and logit. I am more inclined to the view that trying\
to explain the small proportion of individuals with two Asian parents who do not self-identify as Asian is not likely to be productive.\
\
[X] The interesting part of the paper concerns individuals of mixed ancestry, most of whom do not identify as Asian. But, the only Asian/not only Asian\
dichotomy is problematic. What proportion of the \'93not only Asian\'94 reports being Asian and something else? In general, we want to know whether\
explanatory variables shift mixed-race individuals from reporting themselves as Asian only to something else only, or to biracial.\
\
	[X] Create a plot/table of mixed race Asians and what they report as their race\
	[X] Create a plot/table using multinomial logic to address the rest of the comment\
\
[X] The paper either doesn\'92t report basic summary statistics about the distribution of bias, or I missed it. The effect of a one-standard-deviation increase\
in anti-Asian bias on the probability of reporting only Asian appears to be modest.\
\
[ ] It is surprising that the paper does not look more carefully at other potential explanatory factors, such as income. This is particularly important\
because the paper is motivated by the potential bias in measures of Asian/non-Asian disparities. However, unless reporting Asian identity is directly or\
indirectly related to the outcomes for which we want to measure disparities, to a first approximation, there is no bias in the disparities estimates. For\
example, if reporting a non-Asian identity is uncorrelated with income, the estimated income of Asians is unbiased. The problem only arises if high-\
income Asians are more (or less) likely to report themselves as non-Asian.\
\
[ ] Similarly, any effect of anti-Asian bias on reporting is only important if it affects Asians differentially based on their incomes (or other variables we\
examine for disparities). Thus, it is somewhat surprising that anti-Asian bias is not interacted with other variables, although I expect that the data are\
not up to the task.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
	[ ] Create a table/plot of the interaction between bias with female and parent\'92s education\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [ ] The argument that parents and children provide similar reports about the child's race is not compelling. Presumably, most children mimic their parents' views and only develop an independent self-concept late in childhood or in adulthood. That doesn\'92t make the parent\'92s report or the child\'92s report\
uninteresting; it just affects the interpretation.\
\
[ ] My memory, perhaps incorrect, is that Akerlof and Kranton primarily discuss identity in terms of prescribed, not proscribed, behaviors. Of course, the\
requirement to act in a certain way may also be interpreted as a requirement not to act in some other way, but the former is more in line with the\
presentation in the original paper.\
\
[ ] On page 23, I find the statement \'93While my aim is not to establish a causal effect of bias on self-reported Asian identity, I intend to illustrate a\
correlation between anti-Asian bias and self-reported identity\'94 extremely odd. Presumably, the goal is to show that the level of bias causes some\
Asians to switch between an Asian and non-Asian identity. If not, why is the paper interesting? The following sentence maintains that the existence of\
a correlation suggests possible bias in other measures, but as discussed above, this is only important if anti-Asian bias interacts with characteristics we are comparing between Asians and others.\
\
[X] The world would be a better place if economists stopped including the final paragraph of the introduction, which we all skip anyway. The body of the introduction should be a sufficient guide without a paragraph telling us that the conceptual framework is in a section called conceptual framework\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [ ] There is a potentially interesting paper here, but the current version is quite far from that paper. I expect that the paper should focus almost entirely\
on \'93Asians\'94 of mixed ancestry. It should begin by showing how those individuals report their race and not simply use an Asian only/everything else\
dichotomy. It should then explore more fully what determines the choice among the possible responses, rather than just examining the effect of anti-\
Asian bias. If possible, it should examine whether anti-Asian bias affects \'93Asians\'94 with different characteristics (education, income, gender) differently It should then return to motivating discussion of bias in the measure of disparities to give us a sense of how important endogenous identity is for our\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 estimates.}